---
layout: exp
title: Volunteers for Peace
date_start: 2014-07-07
date_end: 2014-08-01
description: Volunteering
---

I volunteered in a park during 3 weeks, within a team of 7 worldwide volunteers. 

---

* this unordered seed list will be replaced by toc as unordered list
{:toc}

## The park

I went to [Montpelier](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Montpelier,+Vermont+05602,+%C3%89tats-Unis/@44.2611236,-72.5747222,15.49z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x4cb5a78cc44dea05:0x4891e094ceb5836!8m2!3d44.2600593!4d-72.5753869), a little city of Vermont, USA, to help maintaining the park of the city. 

## The team

We were 7 people of different nationalities in the team : Chinese (2), Korean, Russian, Spanish, Hungarian, and French.

We were supervised by the people who took care of the park all year long : 3 very nice Americans.

We needed to cook for ourselves, so we took turn, and discover food from all around the globe !

## The work

During the day we would wake up at 7:00, start the day at 8:00 and finish around 15:30. During the work, we took care of the park in various ways :

* Cleaning the walking trails
* Creating draining systems for the trails
* Taking care of bad weed
* Grass cutting
* Creating new trails
* Building a playground
* Building a rock stairs

After work and during week-end, we would explore around all together :

* Go to swim
* Camping
* Go for kayak
* Visit surrounding cities

## What I learned

This experience really make me realize how much English is important in an international context.

After this, my level in English greatly improved, as well as my motivation to perfect my language skills.

I also met great people, and had a great experience. We kept contact and talk together sometimes.